Once upon a time, there was a man who lived in a village called Krakow. He was an old man, and he had a daughter. She was beautiful, but she was very shy. One day, she came to him and said, "I want to go to the opera." He said to her, "'You are not going to be able to do it, because you are too young." She said: "Well, I am going." So he took her to a theater and she went to see the play. The play was called "The Lady of the Lake." The lady was the daughter of a nobleman, who was married to an aristocrat. And the lady's husband was dying. So the noblewoman went with the girl to his house, where she sat down and cried. Then the man came and sat beside her and kissed her. "You have done well," he said. But the woman said in her heart, 'I am not happy.' So she said again, saying, `I have not done anything.' And he kissed again. This time she cried, so he went away.

And the next day the boy came, he was about ten years old, with his mother. His mother said that she had been waiting for him for a long time. When he came she took him to dinner. At dinner she asked him,
 "What is your name?" And his father said "My name is Kramnik." And she kissed him. Her mother then said (to him), "Now you have been a good boy, you will be a great man."
, And K. said he would do well. K., the son of Krasinski, said the same thing. They went out to play, the father went first, then the mother, they all went together. Now the story goes that the young man was so shy that he did not dare to kiss his wife. After a while he got up and went into the theater. There he sat and looked at the stage. Suddenly he saw a beautiful woman sitting there. It was K.'s mother who had kissed his hand. As soon as he looked up, K's mother came up to K, kissed the hand, took it away, put it in the pocket of her dress, went back to bed, got dressed, came back and told her husband, her father, all the people in town, that K had done very well, had gone to opera, was going out with a girl, when suddenly she saw him kissing her hand and crying. All the townspeople came out and asked her what had happened. 'He has kissed me,' she replied. "'He is a very good man,' they said; 'he has done a lot of good.' 'But he is not a young boy,' said K." (Krasinsky, p. 5)
...
 "The story of this story is that a boy was born in Kravtsov, a town of about a hundred thousand inhabitants, in 1885. A young woman, named Kuzmina, lived there, as did her son, whom she married. In the spring of 1887, while K was still a child, his parents, having been unable to find a suitable place for their son to live, decided to move to another town. On the way, however, their car broke down, leaving them without a means of transportation. Their only means was to walk for several days, until they reached a small village, which was situated on the banks of Lake Krapina. Here they found a large number of people, many of whom were children. Some of them were very young, some were old. Many of these children were orphans, others were the children of widows, or of women who were widowed. These children, being very poor, were forced to work in order to survive. For a few days they were in this village. During this time they lived under the care of their mother and father. However, one day they decided that they would go out into town and see what was happening. While they walked along the road, an elderly woman came along and stopped them. Seeing that their father was not there she told them that her mother had died. Thus they went on their way. Soon they came upon the house of one of those who worked in that village; they asked for her name, for she did have a son. Upon hearing this, this woman's son said very loudly, ``I know you, my father.'' The boy then asked, ''What do you want me to tell you?'' The woman replied,  I do not know what you mean by that. I have no son.'' So they left the village and walked on. Later on they met a woman who said she knew her daughter, whose name was Anna. Anna was twenty-one years of age.




Once upon a time, this was true. But it's no longer true, not when the media-and-political complex has failed to acknowledge the historic, radical difference in outcomes between the Left's antiwar movement and Republican politics. The media, and the GOP in particular, don't see these differences as any more than superficial, unimportant issues. Instead, they see them as proof positive that Democratic policies are not in tune with our nation's economic future, that Republican policies don. They see Democratic economic policy as an economic "reform" of the left's policy.

The media's propaganda about Democrats' antipathy to Wall Street and corporate power is nothing new, of course. It has been running for years. In fact, the propaganda goes back to the early 1990s, when it emerged that Democrats were pushing to roll back and reduce the government's role in Wall St. — a program favored by Wall street and its allies. For that matter, for all of Obama's promises to make America even more powerful and inclusive, he has so far failed, while the Democratic Party has largely ignored and marginalized those who had helped bring the country to that position. We're on the verge of a similar fate for Obama. If Obama wants to change the party's ideological direction so that it isn't dominated by the wealthy, corporate interests, it needs to accept that fact. And he'll have to do a lot more of it than just promise the people he wants reform.



Once upon a time when the American system of political economy, or rather "political economy" in American, meant that "the power of the state is greater than the individual," in the USA this meant more power to the elites – as long as they could manipulate the system to get their interests achieved: the government would do as "our citizens want us to do." Today, that is not the case. The system is dominated by the political class and the "centrists" of both parties, who are both the wealthiest of all groups. And yet there is little sense that, in any case, this domination has gone away and that the working class has come to accept this political arrangement.

The ruling class is now far wealthier than in 1968 but their power is still much the same and their economic dominance of society continues. Thus a movement toward democracy, for example, is more pronounced in Europe than here; and it is, as has been shown elsewhere, growing faster in China than America – with the possible exception of Hong Kong. In America, an increasing number of working-class people – especially Blacks – are in favor of "socialism," and are turning their back on the traditional order. There is growing resistance from the top to policies that weaken the ability of corporations and unions to have too much of a hand in determining policy outcomes; in a country as large as America a few such "crusades" against inequality are enough. A wave of popular strikes and mass mobilizations is emerging in opposition to austerity and for a social contract that provides everyone with social safety nets, including health insurance, paid vacation and a decent minimum wage. These movements will also challenge the economic and social dominance and economic growth of our capitalist state. For example:
 I have written before about the increasing importance of worker's councils in developing movements in "solidarity" for higher wages and higher pensions, health care for all and protection of health and safety. We need to be prepared to face and respond to these challenges. Today our working people face a crisis, one of many, and we face the question of how much we will need each other and how far we can go before we are pushed toward the possibility of revolution. But this kind of mass action – which can be sustained and sustained by organizing workers themselves – can bring about a better world for our children and grandchildren.
